Add Fuzzing (#1494)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Vehicle Security and Car Hacking](https://github.com/jaredthecoder/awesome-vehicle-security#readme)
- [Web Security](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-web-security#readme) - Security of web apps & services.
- [Lockpicking](https://github.com/meitar/awesome-lockpicking#readme) - The art of unlocking a lock by manipulating its components without the key.

> - [Fuzzing](https://github.com/cpuu/awesome-fuzzing#readme) - Fuzzing for security testing.

Reviewer: > The entry in the Awesome list should:
* Include a short description about the project/theme of the list. **It should not describe the list itself.**

> - [Fuzzing](https://github.com/cpuu/awesome-fuzzing#readme) - Fuzzing is widely used by both software security and by quality assurance.

Reviewer: Ok, so it's widely used, but that's useless info by itself. It doesn't explain **what fuzzing is**.

Author: I know what you mean. I changed !
However, there are a lot of items that are not explained enough in the awesome list.
Is this necessary? If not, I will skip it.

> - [Fuzzing](https://github.com/cpuu/awesome-fuzzing#readme) - Fuzzing(for software security) related papers and their implementation codes, tools reported at the top security conference.

Reviewer: This still doesn't explain what **fuzzing** is.

Author: I added a sentence describing what fuzzing is, (a kind of software security test method).
More details are already included in the link.

- [Web Security](https://github.com/qazbnm456/awesome-web-security#readme) - Security of web apps & services.
- [Lockpicking](https://github.com/meitar/awesome-lockpicking#readme) - The art of unlocking a lock by manipulating its components without the key.
- [Cybersecurity Blue Team](https://github.com/meitar/awesome-cybersecurity-blueteam#readme) - Groups of individuals who identify security flaws in information technology systems.

> - [Fuzzing](https://github.com/cpuu/awesome-fuzzing#readme) - Fuzzing is a type of software security testing, and this link describes fuzzing related awesome papers and their implementation codes, tools reported at the top security conference.

Reviewer: This is still not acceptable description. I don't really know how to explain it clearer. Try to look at the other descriptions and see the pattern.

> - [Fuzzing](https://github.com/cpuu/awesome-fuzzing#readme) - Fuzzing is a type of software security testing, and this link describes fuzzing related awesome papers and their implementation codes, tools reported at the top security conference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Fuzzing](https://github.com/cpuu/awesome-fuzzing#readme) - Tools and techniques for testing applications by feeding them pseudo-randomly generated input data.
```
